zalu: is not available
movu: is not available
civa: is not available
xapa: is not available
folo: Error checking status
loge: is not available
ziho: is not available
vuyo: Error checking status
biwi: Error checking status
besu: is not available
xewe: is not available
puna: is not available
qice: is not available
sigi: is not available
fuco: is not available
wapo: is not available
riva: is not available
jotu: is not available
zutu: is not available
wazi: is not available
jiwa: Error checking status
nadu: is not available
tina: is not available
pizu: Error checking status
nuya: is not available
kufo: is not available
yalu: Error checking status
zuga: is not available
